perf(biome_package): improve performance of biome_package (#6732)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/package_json_parse_improve.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": patch
---

> Improved performance of the `biome_package` parser [#6281](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/6281) by filtering out unnecessary JSON entries in package.json.

Reviewer: The changesets are meant for end users. This means that we should craft their content for them. In this case, `biome_package` isn't something that users know about. Instead, we could just say that we improved the performance of parsing and deserialisation of the `package.json` files.

Author: thanks

> Improved performance of the `biome_package` parser [#6281](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/6281) by filtering out unnecessary JSON entries in package.json.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Resolved [#6281](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/6281): Improved performance of handling `package.json` files in the scanner.
```
